Rewrite ThreadSwitcher class so that it is not tied to Looper (#482)
auth0/Auth0.Android: README.md

* `proguard-okio.pro`
* `proguard-gson.pro`

> ## Unit testing with JUnit 4 or JUnit 5

Reviewer: I suggest we use a level 3 header and nest it under "FAQ" above.

Author: I just updated the PR with your suggestion 👍

See this [test](https://github.com/auth0/Auth0.Android/blob/main/auth0/src/test/java/com/auth0/android/request/internal/CommonThreadSwitcherDelegateTest.kt) for an example of it being used.

3. If you use JUnit 5 then you can create an `Extension` similar to the previous `Rule` for JUnit 4:
```kotlin
import com.auth0.android.request.internal.CommonThreadSwitcher
import com.auth0.android.request.internal.ThreadSwitcher
import org.junit.jupiter.api.extension.AfterEachCallback
import org.junit.jupiter.api.extension.BeforeEachCallback
import org.junit.jupiter.api.extension.ExtensionContext

class CommonThreadSwitcherExtension : BeforeEachCallback, AfterEachCallback {

    override fun beforeEach(context: ExtensionContext?) {
        CommonThreadSwitcher.getInstance().setDelegate(object : ThreadSwitcher {
            override fun mainThread(runnable: Runnable) {
                runnable.run()
            }

            override fun backgroundThread(runnable: Runnable) {
                runnable.run()
            }
        })
    }

    override fun afterEach(context: ExtensionContext?) {
        CommonThreadSwitcher.getInstance().setDelegate(null)
    }

}
```

#### Handling SSL errors

> You might encounter errors similar to `PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target`, which means that you need to setup your unit tests in a way  that ignores or trusts all SSL certificates. In that case, you may have to implement your own `NetworkingClient` so that you can supply your own `SSLSocketFactory` and `X509TrustManager`, and use that in creating your `Auth0` object. See the [`DefaultClient`](https://github.com/auth0/Auth0.Android/blob/main/auth0/src/main/java/com/auth0/android/request/DefaultClient.kt) class for an idea on how to extend `NetworkingClient`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might encounter errors similar to `PKIX path building failed: sun.security.provider.certpath.SunCertPathBuilderException: unable to find valid certification path to requested target`, which means that you need to set up your unit tests in a way that ignores or trusts all SSL certificates. In that case, you may have to implement your own `NetworkingClient` so that you can supply your own `SSLSocketFactory` and `X509TrustManager`, and use that in creating your `Auth0` object. See the [`DefaultClient`](https://github.com/auth0/Auth0.Android/blob/main/auth0/src/main/java/com/auth0/android/request/DefaultClient.kt) class for an idea on how to extend `NetworkingClient`.
```

Author: I just updated the PR with your suggestion 👍
